Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
speakers. This is where the cloud meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. I don't
think you have to be technical to create
your own amazing vibe coded app today.
You do not need to be technical,
but you need someone pretty damn
products savvy to maintain it if it's at
all complicated. And we talked to a lot
of folks and maybe this is the biggest
meta takeaway. Either they they don't
really plan on anybody maintaining a lot
of agents or vibe coded apps, right? Or
they push it to someone who's maybe very
good at a line of a functional line.
They're a decent marketer. They're a
decent sales ops person, but they have
no intuitive sense of how software is
built or made. I don't think they could
fix most of the issues we see. I don't
think they would understand how to fix
these production issues because they
wouldn't be able to describe or identify
them to agent.
Hey everybody, Sasser annual will be
back May 2026. The world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for executives with 68
VP level and above attendees. 36% CEOs
and founders and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
STER attendees and decision makers that
come to SAS annual and AI summit each
and every year. Lock in your spot today.
Use my code Jason 100 for exclusive
savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Sasteranual and
AISummit 2026. It will rock.
Okay. Hey everybody. Welcome to the
first episode of the agents with Amelia
Larouch. chief a officer of Saster and
me, Chief AI evangelist at Saster. And
this is a bit of an experiment that we
hope work. But
those of you who've been following us
for the last 10 months on our agentic
journey have consumed a lot of our
content. It's exploded. Our page views
are up 5x. Our attendance disaster AI
annual this year will be up 40%. Folks
are very interested in our agentic
journey. And um we're constantly asked
to do consulting calls and meetings.
Literally in the last week, I've done it
with two CEOs of public companies. They
want to know about our agents, how they
work.
We are not sants. We are not better than
you. It's just we're like 6 to 9 to 12
months ahead of a lot of folks. That's
it. And so many folks ask me, ask us
probably 50 people a week if we can help
them think about their agents. We can't
do that. But what we thought we would do
is have a little fun and maybe once a
week share everything that's happening
with our agents on the agents every all
the issues and bumps we have and if
you're on this journey whether it's just
rolling out your first AI SDR whether
you want to build your own AI VP of
marketing or customer success like we
have whether you want to think about
adding AI for support or whatever maybe
if you listen to this every week or when
you have time we can help you avoid some
issues think through things you wouldn't
otherwise think uh and excel accelerate
your success in the agentic journey. So
that's the goal. If we have a tagline
for this, it's it's too long, but it's
going to be accelerating your success on
the agentic journey. And as part of
that, we are going to talk at least on
the first one about some of our bumps
because if you hear about our bumps, I
think I think you can avoid them. And so
we'll do like six to 10 things that
we've seen this week. Some of them may
be very mundane, some of them may be
topical. Um but hopefully it's helpful.
Um the first one I wanted to hit hit
talk about and then get a lot of
Amelia's thoughts on
and um which is okay now you can build
it but who maintains it now you can
build it who maintains it so if you've
been following our agent journey since
this last summer on the leading vibe
code platforms and we love them we love
replet we love lovable we love
verselv0ero they're all exciting you
know at first when I started it was
tough to get an application out the or
that worked in so-called into production
and I struggled at first even even
having co-founded a SAS company that
went from 0 to 200 million in revenue. I
still struggled as la 2025 went on the
platforms got better, the models got
better, it got easier and easier. And
then toward the end of last year, it got
great. And if you're not a developer,
um, but you're on social media or you
talk to your own teams, you'll see
everything kind of exploded when Claude
Sonneted and Opus 45 came out in
December or so of last year.
Productivity exploded everywhere. every
it was just magical. You can see it
because Enthropic went from 9 million to
30 bill 9 billion to 30 billion revenue
already this year. It exploded the
quality. But even if you're not a
developer, if you're using Replet,
lovable Verselvro and others, you're
benefiting from those models because
they got better. And so what happened
now is it's not that you can magically
in one prompt build your own CRM in 5
seconds. Like that was always marketing
over reality. But now you really can
finish your apps. And I kind of handed
the baton to Amelia at the end of last
year. I built rebuilt Saster AI. I
started our new Saster on your website.
I built our AI valuation calculator for
startups and used a million. I did all
that and kind of struggled and went
through the bumps. Amelia took over
probably in January. Amelia with it.
Took over. Yeah. And built our AI VP of
marketing on her own which is very very
good.
>> And then our AI VP of customer success
QB which is even better. So we're going
to talk about 10K and QB like every
week. All the bumps we have because
they're part of our team. They check in
with our Slack every day. they are part
of our team and so you'll hear us but my
my slightly long setup is now if you're
persistent you can build a lot of B2B
and AI apps in these vibe coded apps
without an insure you really can you
really can get them out for real and the
meta question is who maintains them and
this is what is under discussed and I
want to talk about three things uh that
have happened this week for us and it's
just something you're going to think
about that a lot of folks vendors want
don't really discuss it people don't
really talk about it put getting an app
into production. Get building your own
app. Vibing your own app is the, you
know, just like sales. When you close a
sale, it's the start of a customer
journey. Just like when you push an app
out that finally works, that's finally
pretty good. Every week you have to
maintain it. And who on your team is
going to do it? Who on your team's going
to do it? And I want to and I want
Ameilia to talk about a few of the
things we had, but I think this is the
meta answer to the meme on social media
of, oh, we're going to kill Salesforce
because I can vibe it. Okay. Even if you
could like which you can't you can't do
a Salesforce or a workday today but even
if you could who the hell's going to
maintain it you
you but you can buy a lot of these apps
for like5 to hundred bucks a month
you're sia Ameilia and I are worth a lot
more than $5 to $100 an hour so this is
so so we're going to share our bumps
maintaining it just so you can think
about how you will if you choose to
build it versus buy it how you going to
maintain it. So, um, first one just to
talk about, and this happens, but just
today on several of our apps, the
preview instance had database issues.
They didn't connect. They didn't
connect.
It's going to get fixed. Bugs happen.
Issues happen. It happens with lots of
vendors. But just from an end user
perspective, Ailia, just just describe
in general kind of the the issue and
what ran through your mind. I mean, I,
you know, I I literally was exasperated
at the agent.
I think it's tough, you know, when when
one thing goes down or your site goes
down, it's it's frustrating. And and of
course, if you haven't built it
yourself, you automatically go to the
person, right? Like, oh, if my
Salesforce isn't working, I'm going to
go to Salesforce. Is my website down? If
did I if maybe you have a Squarespace or
WordPress, like you're going to go to
those folks first when one of those
things are down. But then when you vibe
something or if you have an agent that
is slightly custom that you've done kind
of yourself or you have your own hookups
yourself, it's like, well shoot, who do
I was like, well, who do I go to? Like I
tried to problem solve at first cuz I
was like, well, I I guess I can go to
the kind of root agent
and and see if I can see if it's
something I can just fix in the
platform. And and interestingly, the
agent couldn't resolve it.
Sometimes when you're going to have
bumps you're going to have to maintain,
right? And to be clear, this all
happened on the preview environment. And
for folks that haven't built software,
>> you know, I'm oversimplifying, but
there's basically preview environments.
There's staging, we'll put it aside, and
development and production environments.
Production, we had no issues on the
production environments, but preview is
where you tweak your app, you iterate
your app until you push it into
production. And that we weren't able to
access. It was unavailable for hours,
right? And not only was it down, but if
if that happened at Shopify or
Salesforce, right, or even Squarespace,
it's on them,
>> right?
>> The difference here is that there's
millions and millions of unique apps.
So, whose fault is it? Who's who is
who's the database administrator?
>> I mean, in this case, I was like, it's
all of us, right? Like, I literally told
you I slapped you right away. I was
like, oh, I think one of I think some of
the agents are down. Like, is it I was
like, first I thought it was just me. I
was like, oh, it must just be me. Maybe
you can still access it. But then when
we learned it was you two, it was
affecting you too. It wasn't just me.
Then yeah, I you know it's this it's
this. It's the Spider-Man meme where you
all point at each other and you're like,
well, whose fault is it, right? Like is
it the customer's fault? Like is it
something that they I kind of assumed it
was our fault at first. I was like,
okay, well, we we built this. I'll just
assume it's our fault and I should try
and fix it.
>> Then I asked the agent what to do. It
started doing some lines of code, but
then I realized in that process that
some of my other agents were down,
right, in the same way. Okay. So I was
like, okay, it's actually not just this
one instance. So that was super
interesting, too. So then I went to our
vendor that we use for this.
But again, it's one of those instances
where it brings up yet like who
maintains this? And also if if you're
not as in online as we are, right? We're
we're trying to keep up with our agents
24/7. Like I notice this pretty much
right away. I feel like other folks if
you don't have a database manager or
somebody who's in charge of all the
agents, you may not notice. It may
lapse. like you may not notice for a
couple days, especially if the front end
is live, that some of your agents on the
back end have broken. And so I think
it's an important nuance now to start to
think about who owns all this um in
perpetuity, not just again to your point
earlier, the hard part does seem like
getting it, you know, fully baked and
specked out the way we like it to do. We
like to always use our agents for
processes that already works. Like that
is a lot of runup and leadup of work to
get it already to that point. But then
you have this whole other beast once you
get your agents actually into
production. We're like, "Oh shoot, what
do I do now?"
>> Yep. So Amelia has now surpassed me in
terms of her ability to vibe code.
>> How about that?
>> No, mo mostly she has. But in terms of
this particular issue, it's interesting.
I still have some domain expertise.
again having at least co-ounder an app
that I I still understand some issues
out there better than she does without
me her initial conclusion of the issue
was wrong as good as she is her initial
assessment of what was wrong then we
asked the AI agent and it's pretty fun
when I started doing this when I started
vibe coding you'd ask the agent it would
hallucinate the answer it would make oh
the answer is your the answer is your uh
your DNS it would just make it up now
the agents and we we'll talk about this
in a different context with a little
bump we with Clay next. But the agents
are pretty self-aware. They can analyze
all the issues and it's kind you they
can help you debug like 99%. So when you
go into an app like Lovable or Replet or
Review Zero, whatever, and there'll be
that little prompt, that little agent,
not only can you come up with ideas on
how to build the site and features, it
can also help you debug issues, but it's
not perfect and it doesn't have access
to something. And so it tries, but all
agents are goal seeking. They want to
make you happy. So at the end they blame
somebody else. They'll try to fix it.
They always try to fix it now and then
they're going to blame Claude or or
lovable blame some apps I had hooked up
to it. Right. It was like it must it
must qualified. Salesforce they blame
qualified which was not the issue.
Immediately they blame it blamed
qualified as why it couldn't come up
right and Ameilia's like well we've been
we didn't change the code. We've been
using qualified for four months.
>> Changed. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So
>> I was like are you sure AJ? because I
was like I I haven't even like you know
when I make updates to qualified I make
them inqualified. It doesn't really
change how it integrates with this
particular agent and I knew they had
just integrated with Salesforce this
week. So I was like maybe there's an
outside shot.
>> They changed something on the back end
like that was the only thing I could
think of. But then I was like okay let's
let's for a second try and turn
qualified off and see if that fixes it.
But of course that didn't fix it. Then
it started to blame other third party
tools. I was like, "Yeah, it's not
qualified." I think it just blamed that
one cuz it's one of our beefier agents
um that this one hooks into. So, it was
like, "Let me just find the most common
denominator and blame that instead of
maybe looking for the actual problem."
>> Yeah. When we talk to folks there, I
don't think you have to be technical to
create your own amazing vibe coded app
today. You do not need to be technical,
but you need someone pretty damn
products savvy to maintain it if it's at
all complicated. And we talked to a lot
of folks and maybe this is the the the
biggest meta takeaway. Either they they
don't really plan on anybody maintaining
a lot of agents or vibe coded apps,
right? Or they push it to someone who's
maybe very good at a line of a
functional line. They're a decent
marketer. They're a decent sales ops
person, but they have no intuitive sense
of how software is built or made. I
don't think they could fix most of the
issues we see. I don't think they would
understand how to fix these production
issues because they wouldn't be able to
describe or identify them to the agent,
>> right?
>> I think for somebody like myself, right,
like you've built multiple companies
into like success and like for me having
not had that background, right, like
came up through like more of a marketing
and sales go to market motion for
somebody who's more so in go to market.
When this agent started failing this
morning, I was like, "Okay, if it's not
our third party tools, which I don't
think it is that broke it, which we
determined with the agent it wasn't. If
it's not the agent itself, I'm like, may
was me. Maybe I did mess this up, right?
I was like,
>> or it could have been me because I did a
I did a little release on this app
without telling you. I could have
inadvertently It could have been a
regression, right?"
>> Yeah, it could have been a regression.
>> I I built a Friends of Jason little page
that reused some of Amelia's discounts
on my own little page. Now, how could
that possibly break the entire site? It
shouldn't. But when you get a little
deeper on how software works, you
understand that regressions when one
thing can break another that don't even
seem connected, right? It just is
something you got to get zen about.
Maybe that was the issue. Maybe I broke.
Maybe Ameilia broke it. Maybe I broke
it. Maybe the agent broke it. Maybe the
vendor broke it. And
>> you got to you someone's got to own
this. Okay. Two other ones on this. They
sound minor. I would say for the most
part related to this. Generally
speaking, hallucinations in our app are
relatively minor compared to the old
days. The old days, I would say of
summer of last year, they're pretty
minor. When we started using a lot of
these vibe coding and augentic products,
they would use more immature models, the
threes and claude, and it would
hallucinate a lot. It would it would
just make everything up and it was very
frustrating and it made it very it might
have been one of the toughest reasons to
finish anything, whether it was to get
an AISDR to work because it would
hallucinate or to vibe an app because it
would hallucinate. But they're still
there. And I'll tell you just um two
stories from this week that were super
frustrating. One is on our AI VP of
marketing 10K.
So to describe what it does, Amelia took
5 years of our revenue data for
attendees and sponsors for all of SAS
annual hund00 million worth of data
every data point and put and gave it and
created an AIVP of marketing. So it has
all these hard data points. It can
compare year-over-year performance,
week-overweek performance across any
metric that you want. It's proactive
now. out tells us every day where we're
behind and what we should do. It has
beautiful graphs and analytics. It's
great. We've demoed it and we'll we'll
keep showing more.
But I built this fun fact feature where
it's kind of push us. It has a fun fact
each day. It pushes into Slack um and it
push and it sends us an email of a fun
fact. It keeps getting confused what
year it is and what data it's comparing.
So yesterday it said we were 44% ahead
of plan and then this morning it said 11
and I asked the agent what the what
happened. It's like oh yeah actually I'm
comparing it to the wrong year. Uh and
because I didn't have the right year I
made up the data.
>> Yeah. This happened before with dates,
right? Like we had another agent before
where it was telling folks still about
London and London had already passed
because it didn't know what day it was.
But this is making up a corner case.
>> And then I congratulated myself on
Saster a couple weeks ago is I built
only Ameilia I can use it but I built
not just 10K work but I built a little
bot like a little Finn like intercom
type thing where we can talk I can talk
to it. I can ask it questions and it
started to hallucinate too because it
didn't have a full and updated answer
the question. So, not only are
hallucinations still an issue, I guess
the point of the story on this, and I'll
add one more and then we'll move on to
the next topic is this is something we
have to fix every day. Our our AI VP
marketing is very good, but it's not as
good as our VP of customer success that
Ameilia built after for a number of
reasons. And it has these micro
hallucinations every day. And for a
while, Ameilia built it and I I didn't
really touch it and I think she gave up
on it, whatever. Like, it's still
directionally correct, but I really
wanted to go deep. I wanted answers to
questions every single day. So I would
push it and these micro hallucinations
would creep up every day. And so now I'm
kind of maintaining our AI VPN marketing
for maybe 15 minutes a day, but I didn't
even do it two weeks ago. So Amelia's
got her maintenance now. I have these
micro hallucination for 15 minutes a
day. It's not massive, but if no one on
your team is doing it, you see drift.
the agents can become can drift more and
more from reality and from your data
inadvertently. You you think they
shouldn't, but they they they do. So,
this was my little issue where I kept
comparing year-over-year data to the
wrong years. And literally in the same
day it said we were 44% over last year
and then 11%. I'm like this morning I
wrote which one is it? Like it can't it
can't be both, right?
I think this is why, you know, some
folks are a fan of letting I think of
letting their agents do stuff on their
own. Like, okay, like I'm going to, you
know, just queue up a bunch of stuff for
my agent. I'm going to let it run. I
actually don't like doing that. Like, it
makes me nervous if I don't see exactly
what the agent is doing again because of
goal seeking. I never all these things
we've built you I've built that I'm now
in like all of our 20 plus apps we have
for agents whether it's in replet or
salesforce or slackbot or anywhere else
I don't or artisan I don't let any of
them run without me looking at it for
its like initial execution like now it
obviously can send some emails and do
some other stuff autonomously
>> with a lot of guard rails on its own but
when it actually comes to me deploying
like new features or fixing something in
the app with the agents or putting in a
new sequence artisan. Like I don't let
the agents do that autonomously at all.
And I know a lot of people are a fan of
the um dispatch you can use on claude or
like openclaw. Like that's why I don't
use open claw. This is why I don't
really use dispatch unless I can watch
it on my phone closely with claude cuz I
want to see exactly what it's doing
because a few times to your point it has
started to drift and go off the rails to
start to do something I didn't want it
to
>> and if I hadn't been watching the like
timeline I we wouldn't have seen it.
>> Okay. Let me just give you the third
example from this week. This was a
learning for me.
This is a slightly unexpected one. It's
modelbased regressions. And what I mean
is this is if you follow us, we have a
whole suite of tools to help founders
with fundraising. Go to SAS dead.ai,
click on AIVC. We've done almost a
million valuations of startups and we've
done almost we've done like a thousand
intros to VCs and we've done probably
our most popular tool though is you can
upload your pitch deck and we analyze
it. We tell you how good it is, what how
well you're doing compared to all your
peers and competitors, and we tell you
what your odds of getting funded are.
Okay? It's called our our pitch deck
analyzer. We just crossed 4,000 startup
pitch decks. It's very cool.
Maybe it would be simpler if I built it
today. I built this a while ago, but
it's pretty complicated. It requires two
different passes through Claude. Okay.
And then after each pass, it has to do a
lot of error and data correction, data
analysis, extraction. And it's it's the
most complicated analysis that we do.
And it took me like a month of uploading
deck after deck after deck and manually
looking at it and manually seeing and
then I I personally graded and made sure
we were in linement and they got all the
numbers right and it was pretty stable
for a long time until maybe January and
then again in February and then again
like a week ago I started seeing errors
and what it kept saying is it kept
saying all these startups had
uh $100,000 in revenue growing 500%
again and again and again I would get
notified and startups wanted to be me.
Once again, you know, whatever AI we're
doing 100,000 going 500 I like this
can't be right. And what I figured out
is when there was an update to cla and
it probably wasn't just like 47 or four
or five, it was probably a dot release
or a silent release, all of a sudden
hallucinations creeped in and the models
decided that when it didn't have data,
it would just decide every startup was
at $100,000 or a million dollars in AR
growing 500%. and it drove in and I kept
fixing it and it would break again and
again and again and it and I I now I
have to constantly work on this again
and one I left it alone for a while and
it worked but then it broke to Ameilia's
point but also this wasn't because I
added a new feature or changed the code
the code did not change it was
interestingly probably because of subtle
changes to the model introduced in this
complex workflow hallucination so again
4,000 decks but uh it went from working
perfectly to maybe 5% of them producing
completely anomalous results. And so,
who's going to manage that, right? Who's
going to manage that? So, the three
examples of why set and forget
does not work. And I don't mean to be
too critical, but I want to set I want
to talk about something related to this.
Um, not only do our own apps require
maintenance, right, and have these micro
hallucinations and drift, uh, we had an
issue with clay and listen, we are big
fans of Clay for the most part. We use
it for for what a lot of you do. We use
it for enrichment and to track where our
attendees and folks have gone and and we
we we blew through all our credits and
and we're power users of Clay. We
support it.
>> But it's agent lied to us.
>> Yeah,
>> it's agent lied to us. So what so
there's a meta story. So what happened?
>> Yeah, I'll tell you guys the story and
it's all listen. It's all resolved now
because this was a couple weeks ago. So
I'll say you know all is well that ends
well. But in the moment, I was so mad.
Like, I was mad and frustrated at a
point where I literally told the Clay
team like, "This is the first time I've
wanted to rage quit an agent, which has
never happened with all the 20 plus." I
mean, I've tried more than 20. We have
20 now in deployment, right? Like, I was
like, "This is the first time I've
legitimately wanted to rage because the
answer that the AI agent gave me was so
unacceptable, was so bad." And when I
reached out to the humans at the first
time, I couldn't get the help I wanted.
I was like between that's a double
handicap.
>> Okay. What happened? So what walk back
from what what did the agent? So
Claywood announced cheaper better
pricing for me.
>> They made they just made the pricing
more complex and confusing, but they
they claimed it was cheaper, but they
claimed it was cheaper for many use
cases, right? What did the agent tell
you? Their own. So in other words, their
own you went on Clay. It has basically a
support agent, right?
Sculptor. It's to their to their point.
>> Yeah,
>> they said this to me afterwards and made
this point. It's still in beta, but I
was using the sculptor because I'm used
to using agents in, you know, the
built-in agents and all my tools. I'll
give you guys the full story. So, for
the last couple weeks, we have these VIP
summits we have for SAS annual. I was
using it to do look alikes. I've talked
about this before on workshop Wednesday.
I think Clay is a really good place if
you're trying to scale up your AI SDRs
or anything like that where you can make
really solid look alikes with Clay.
works really well for this and we were
seeing success with it and so I was
using it for that doing the same thing I
had always done. It was kind of late at
night on this Sunday. I was building a
new list of you know VIPs to go out to
for the summit and suddenly Clay wanted
to charge me about 5x to run this list
than it did the week previous. And so I
asked
>> Hold on just for a second just so that
Clay wanted to or its agent told you you
had to pay five. Its agent told me it
was going to be five times the amount of
credit.
>> Confusing, Clay. The software
application didn't necessarily charge
you five times as much. Its AI agent
told you you had to pay five times as
much. Right.
>> Correct. Yes. It told me I was going to
have to pay five times as much. And so
when I pushed the sculptor agent,
>> I said, "How can that be?" I just did
this on a very similar size list, a very
similar enrichment, basically almost the
same parameters, and it was I don't
know, let's say something like 2500
credits, but now it's trying to charge
me 11,000, which is a huge sp a huge
spot. I was like, it has to be wrong,
right? It just has to be wrong because
that doesn't make any sense. And so I
asked it a few questions and first I
caught that the agent related to their
price increase changed how it how it
build but it also defaulted to the most
expensive action versus a cheaper action
that would get me to the same outcome.
>> Let me maybe I misunderstood what
happened. Did the I thought the agent
wasn't properly trained on its on the
the new pricing of its own app. It was
both. Okay.
>> It's both. Yeah. Yeah. It was both. So,
like as I was talking to it, I was like,
"Okay, one, I caught that it was trying
to use this higher priced,
you know, model to get to the same goal
as last week." And so, I said, "Hey, use
this other action instead. It's
cheaper." And so, that lowered it by
about half. Then, it went down to like
5,000 credits to run the same thing. I
was like, "Okay, we're we're halfway
there." And that part of the issue I
thought was problematic because most
people won't do that. Most people are
going to look at the 11,000 that the
agent tells you and say, "That's too
expensive." and they would give up right
there.
>> Issues. The first issue was the agent
told you to use the most expensive
model, the most expensive correct.
>> So the upsell, the the agent, the agent
told you you had to use the most
expensive version of the product that
you didn't have to use.
>> Correct. I didn't have to use it. So I
called him out on that.
>> The agent told you you had to, right?
>> He recommended Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. He was like, "Well, if you
want to achieve that outcome, this is
how you should do it. Are you ready to
deploy and run the waterfall
enrichment?" I was like, "No, not for
11,000 credits. There's there's a better
way to do this.
>> You think that was intentional or you
think that was poorly training the
agent? You think that was intentional to
monetize the base better or do you think
it was bad training?
>> I don't know because it honestly
happened the same time they announced
this price increase. So, I was like, I
don't know. I don't know if somebody as
a human clay unintentionally like that
was the consequence of them putting in
this release for new pricing that the
agent took it and ran with it, right?
Like I can totally see that as it wasn't
malicious. It's just something that
happened with their agent because they
loaded in all the training for the new
pricing. I was talking to the agent and
the agent was like, "Well, let's use
this super expensive luxurious model
versus like the normal, you know, Prius
model you were using."
>> Yeah. Cuz I have a rough I know and
listen, we we do use clay and it's a
great product, but when they announce
all this new pricing, I have a rule, a
classic Saster rule that I think is all
almost always true. when a company
introduces more complicated pricing. No,
even if they say it's a better deal,
it's always a hidden price increase.
I've never seen it be like there are
rare there are occasions where companies
literally say, "Hey, listen. We've just
decided to go cheaper." Um when but but
and it's usually when there's something
brutally competitive, but usually when
pricing gets more complicated, it's a
way to disguise a price increase. Even
if that sometimes not everybody pays the
higher price, but by adding complexity
to pricing, you can essentially make
segments of your users pay more. So it
feels like that's what the agent was
trying to get you to do. You try to get
you to pay two to five times more than
you had to.
>> At least it seemed like it, right? That
was the first
>> and it led to the Yeah, it led to the
second issue actually. So once I caught
it in this like trying to use a more
expensive model, trying to burn through
all my at the time I was like I don't
know, you know, I have like 3,000
credits a month. you're going to burn
through my
>> five months. Five months of credit.
>> Yeah. Basically, I was like, "No
freaking way." So, then I got it down to
about half once I caught it in the
agent. But then I could really only get
it down to half and I was like, "You
know what? I'm so tired. Heck it." Like,
"I'm just going to even though this is
more expensive than it was a week ago.
I'm just going to push it through cuz I
need to get this done." I was like, "I
just can't keep, you know, I had already
been arguing with the agent for like
half an hour at like 11 o'clock on a
Sunday. I was like, I just got to get it
done." And so I asked the agent to, you
know, push the enrichment live with the
2x credits because I just had to get it
done. And it said, "Okay, you're not
going to have enough credits to finish."
So you're going to have to upgrade
because this is to again, this is around
the time they announced the price
increase. So at that point, I was like,
"You've got to be kidding me." So I just
hit the upgrade button. Again, I'm
tired. It shouldn't be on the customer
to figure out tired or not. It shouldn't
be on me to figure out that the new plan
was going to be worse for this outcome
and I should have just stayed on my
legacy plan at the time and just bought
more credits, which in hindsight, yes,
of course, I would have done. But again,
when the agent was suggesting to me,
hey, if you just upgrade your plan,
you'll have enough credits, I'm just
going to click that button. I literally
that's what I did. I I clicked the
button from the agent. I clicked the one
of the new plans or whatever, and then I
finished the enrichment, and I went
about my day, and I loaded up with my
AISDR. So, it was a it was a double
handicap. Yeah, I I get that. But just
to then we can move on to the next
topic. But I thought the second issue
when when you reached out to the Clay
team was that and I think this is
something we all need to learn about
agents was they had actually not
properly trained their beta agent on how
their new pricing worked. Like they had
not upload the documentation, the
pricing and we've seen this ourselves.
If you don't keep uh you know digital
JSON, the digital version of me, it
broke for four months. The old version,
it didn't upload anything for four
months. I didn't know it silently
failed. So if you don't upload, if you
don't constantly train your agents, they
will give your customers wrong answers.
So I think the second part was Clay
changed their pricing. They didn't train
their agent with the new pricing. So So
that was one of the reasons they gave
you bad answers, right?
>> Yeah. Because when I when I flagged this
to the Clay team, I was like, "Hey, just
so you know, like obviously we use a lot
of agents. I'm a super fan. I use this a
lot. Very in London. Like we're fans,
but here's why I almost rage quit,
right?" And so I sent it to both like
all the folks I know there and was like,
you know, just this double handicap of
it trying to charge me more, use a more
pricier model, then you raising prices,
then the agent telling me I had to
upgrade to get something done, which
wasn't necessar even true, right? It
just told me, it just made that
recommendation. It's also telling me to
use credits I didn't have to use. I was
like, you may want to look into this
because I don't know if other people
would be as patient. I don't know if
it'd say, hey, this is mission critical.
I got to get it done. I'm going to use
the credits and pay the extra cost. like
I feel as a customer like I stuck with
it but I think other folks would be
fairly frustrated and so it's just a
reminder for the folks listening right
like I don't want you guys to ever and
we're sometimes in the situation too
Jason's point like we're sometimes on
the reverse side of this where with our
agents it is a lot of maintenance it is
a lot of training to keep it up to date
but because they hadn't trained their
sculptor fully through every scenario
which I know is tedious right it's
totally tedious like that's why but
That's the job. But that's why it was
trying to get me down this upsell
upgrade path when it didn't need to.
>> Yeah. I was um another example, then
let's move on to the next topic. I was
um I was using the the AI agent on
HubSpot's website on the homepage,
right? Massive traffic, right? Um yeah,
>> trying to get a pricing quote for what
HubSpot would cost at our scale. I just
could not get an intelligent answer. Oh,
yeah. I remember this.
>> I don't know whether it was now. Now, it
might have been because they they really
want you to talk to a human. I think
that was part of it, but it could have
been better trained. And so all these
stories are that some of the best folks,
Clay here to a smaller extent, HubSpots,
others like AI support is great, AI
agents are great, but someone you got to
read a a segment of these chats every
day. You like forever you have to you
have to read these interactions with the
agent because they're going to drift.
You're going to forget to train them.
they're not going to ingest documents
properly or you're going to think they
say things that they don't or your your
testing worked fine and in reality it
didn't. So, it's just these are endless
stories of agents not being as well
trained as they could be uh that are
customerf facing.
>> On the flip side though, we had somebody
this week reach out to our events team
frustrated because they they thought the
answer they got from an AI was not good
enough. And it's funny because I was
like, "Sir, actually the answer you got
was from a human being." You flew from
>> Did you make a mistake or was it Well,
it was from a human, right?
>> It it was too they made a mistake when
they bought their ticket on Saster and
then one of our humans on our side,
minor mistake, super minor mistake.
We're they when they bought their
ticket, they accidentally bought two.
And so that is a human thing we have to
resolve on our end. I don't let the
agents right now any of our agents touch
our back end of ticketing and Stripe,
right? Like that's something we have to
do and it should be something we do. So
this was a flow where he he sent it to
Ameilia AI. Ameilia AI escalated to a
human as she should have down this path.
Y
>> our one of our humans, our events team
initiated a refund as they should have,
the way they should have. The human on
the attendee side said, "Hey, you
refunded me but not with the ticket
processing fees like fully." It's this
weird thing in Stripe. There's like a 3%
ticket processing thing.
>> They didn't get the 3% back or
>> they didn't get the 3% back because
that's our that's our standard is to
usually when we do a refund. Now, this
was a case where it was our fault cuz
the website glitched and he got two
tickets at the same. We should have just
refunded that 3% in the first case. The
team didn't want to bother me and be
like, "Hey, can I have an exception for
3%." And so, they just refunded him
under standard. And this guy complained
after the fact and said, "Thanks for my
full refund now, but if this is how your
AI support is, I'm really like worried
about the content it's after." And I was
like, "Sir, I understand. I I was like,
"Yes, sir. I understand the
frustration." But it was us. It was a
person. It was multiple. It was people
like,
>> it would be interesting if if digital
Amelia could have identified the issue
of the strike fees that a human might
not have thought through.
>> The might better here probably, right?
That's the irony. Was a mediocre, right?
It is pretty.
>> Yes. So, it is.
>> Okay. The next topic I want to talk
about, I sometimes I'm slow, guys. Uh I
I I it sometimes it takes me a little
while to to figure things out. I want to
talk about
I want to share a story from this week,
but a lot of folks read what we what we
write, especially on LinkedIn where
people people, you know, really like to
to be Yahoos and they're like, "Oh,
Sastra's results with its SDRs and GTM
agents. Those don't work at my company.
Those are unique to Sass. Saster is such
a strong brand." Or Saster does events
and tickets, it's not the same of me. or
SAS is exaggerating or whatever. We're
just we're just trying to help. But I
see this I see this all the time and and
what I basically tell people is like
we're just doing the same thing you
should be doing. And you might get
better results than us, you might get
worse, but try it, right? It's working
for us. But um I didn't completely get
why it works for us until I had a
meeting this week. Even after all these
months, even after agent force, Monaco,
Artisan, Qualified, Momentum, all the
why does it work? But I was meeting this
week with the CEO and CRO of a of a
great public company with thousands of
sellers, thousands of sellers. And we
were talking about agents and AI. And
you know, some folks some folks do get a
one-on-one version of this of this show.
And the first question the CEO and the
CRO had is said, "What do you think we
should do first?" And they had some
agentic products, but they said, "What
what do you think you should do first in
order?" And I went through I went
through a series of what I thought they
should should do first. first do
something so that um everyone can
instantly get great quality questions
answered on your website going to what
we've just talked about right make sure
they can instantly get an appointment
set with sales right and and I kept
going through different things and then
I realized I went through all the things
I said you know what you know why all of
our agents work in go to market sales
it's because we lead there's no lead
left behind
this is the flip side we talk about how
agents give you more coverage we talk
about how agents don't mind the be leads
but it's simpler than that. If all if
you deploy some of just some of what we
do in AI agents and then Ameilia can
share some details better than I can.
Here's what you know anyone that has an
issue like with that 3% Stripe fee gets
to talk to an agent and then a human.
Anyone that wants to know if they can
get a discount whether they get one or
not can find out in real time. Any any
sponsor that clearly doesn't have enough
budget to be at Saster can still find
out if they can sponsor. But a human
might be like they raised $2 million at
demo day. Like we don't want them. But
the agent the agent doesn't judge
bootstrap the agent doesn't judge any
issue. And then you know and then for
our use of agent force or others you
know we were inspired by Mark Benoff to
go back to our prior leads and prior
ones that no one had touched right and
so
clearly we have evidence that in many
cases our agents do better than a
mediocre human. I know it's a triggering
way to say it but it is true. But even
if it even if it's not it may be simpler
than that. It may be just if you touch
every single lead, every prospect, every
customer the way they want to be
interacted with in real time, you have
to do better. That's all these agents
have to do to add value to the
organization is that there's no lead, no
prospect, no customer left behind,
whether it's in pre-sales, sales,
customer success. We can talk more about
QB or AI, but no one gets left behind. I
think it's that simple. What do you
think, Ameilia? I know I'm slow, but
this was my aha moment. And then with
this public company, we just talked
about all the holes in their in their
funnel and there and as well as they're
doing there's so many ways to not get
touched.
>> I agree wholeheartedly because I've I've
said now like there are times even with
the volume we're doing between all of
our agents, our agents still sit idle,
right? We do a lot of outbound, you
know, all the normal quote unquote
normal go to market motions that again I
think some sometimes people look at it
and say, "Oh, that doesn't translate
from staffer to me." I'm like, well,
revenue is revenue and customer are
customers. Like, that's still the same
across the board. And we still have a
lot of the same go to market motions you
guys are using. They're just sometimes
employed a little bit differently or
sometimes they have deadlines a little
bit differently because we have events
that are tied to it. But
>> the the back behind the scenes motion is
still very much the same. And even at
our scale, I have not touched every
single lead. I'll give you a good
example. Just this week, we have been in
a production sprint because there were a
lot of deadlines. leading up to today
and there were a few on Friday and there
were a few on Monday basically for SAS
annual that's coming up in May and so we
had these big production deadlines and
so I was sprinting between myself, our
designers, our production team, our our
customers, our sponsors to get some of
their graphics and like we were
sprinting to meet some of these
deadlines that we had to meet because
things take time to print and sometimes
you can't pay rush fees to get these
things done. But I'll give what it led
to was a major idolization across our
agents because I just didn't have time
for them. This was one of those extreme
examples too where like no lead left
behind. Yes. But also if you have
somebody who gets a little bit busy in a
way that a human can that agents you
know are working 24/7 don't you run into
this issue. I've run into this issue
over and over again and that's why I'll
keep talking about it. It's my agents
will start to sit idle. And this last
week, it's the most they've been idle
since I've gotten them, you know, all up
into production.
>> Leads behind.
>> We're leaving some leads behind.
>> But our agents are ready.
>> They're ready. Yeah. But I I I was
literally looking at it today. I was
like, "Okay, I have a tiny bit more time
today and I've got to go get my agents
out of idle mode. I've got to get them
back into go mode because I have leads
left behind for sure. 100%."
>> Yeah. It's funny. It's a different topic
and but maybe one that is worth
continuing in subsequent conversations.
All our agents end up idle, right? It's
an interesting topic which is, you know,
every human thinks they're so busy even
if they're really working 20 hours a
week from Miami, but they think they're
so busy they don't have time. They don't
want to follow up with the B leads or
the C leads. Agents are so efficient and
we have so many they're all of them are
idle 90% of the time. They're sitting
there waiting to do more. They're happy
to do more work. they're sitting there
idle and it's a I I I haven't fully
thought through where that will lead
over the next 12 months but you know in
a sense we have an order of magnitude
more capacity than we had pre- agents
and then we had with humans right um how
to fully exploit that is uh the best way
we can exploit it now is just make sure
everyone that hits your website everyone
that contacts me everyone in your
database is followed up with in real
time but it's amazing how much idle
capacity we really have right
>> yeah and I think that's a The website
one is a new workflow we added which we
could talk about more later but we added
a newer workflow where when folks hit
our website in particular for annual now
they get like an automated follow-up. Um
but it requires some human steps to get
that data from the website to the agent
one because some of our again because of
how we're built we have to have the
step. You wouldn't have to have the step
necessarily but because we get so much
traffic to sasser.com we get not to that
wasn't a braggy thing. which is we get a
lot of high volume traffic to
sastaster.com. We get a lot of traffic
to sastaster annual and we have to
filter it out. I can't to Jason's point.
Could our agents hit up every single
person that hit the website if we
deanonymize them? Yes. But do I want to?
No. This is the human orchestration
layer of yes, no lead left behind if I
think they're a lead, right? Like
there's still some qualification that
needs to happen there. And I don't have
an agentic workflow yet, but it's one of
those things right now where we have to
do some cleanup of that data because
it's just so much data and kind of push
people into different buckets. And so
could we could we have no lead left
behind on the website? We could, but I
think that there's also an air of we
have to filter out some of our stuff
because not not everybody is a qualified
lead, right?
>> Yeah. I think there it's interesting
when you think about what agents can do
over the next 12 months in marketing. I
feel like marketing is pretty far behind
sales, right? sales is behind coding and
support, but marketing, man, we the
reason we had to build our own AVP of
marketing is we couldn't find anything
that's any good, right? And I know folks
are trying and and kudos and we're if
you literally can do better than we're
doing, email us, but it has to be
better. We'll we'll use your product if
it's better than we're doing, but we
don't need something that just is a GEO
or SEO scraper or writes content. Like
we have a lot of content, guys. Like a
lot of folks reach out to us as, hey, we
can write social media content with you
with our AI market. Like we don't we got
99 problems. That's not one of them, but
it's behind. But, you know, so we get
maybe half a million uniques to our
Saster Web properties. I mean, people
read content on LinkedIn, they read it
on Twitter, they watch YouTube, but we
get about half a million uniques to our
websites. And those aren't leads, right?
But traditionally,
if if we could use agents so that
everyone truly has a customized
experience to them, we can convert more
of them to leads,
>> right? Like we need a we need an agentic
lead magnet where everyone just like now
we have agents like digital Amelia that
you can talk to if you want on our
websites but we should go further where
and you don't even know you have a lead
magnet because everything is like who
are you? Okay, you know Jason would love
to have an ebook on how to do our
agents. Ameilia is pretty advanced.
She's a chief a officer. Maybe what she
would like is to invite to our CMO
summit or our AI summit or something
like but if we had this hyper ability
not just to to use some of the tools we
use which are really exciting like all
of our tools you know whether you think
it's it's it's it's ideal or not they
can deanonymize your web traffic they
can identify better than ever these
agents who's coming on your properties
but that's not as actionable in many
ways right as you unless you're a spam
farm right you don't want to just
collect people's random email address
and send them weird LinkedIn notes I
mean people do that stuff but I I you
know I block
>> people do
But but I think I am excit but you could
do something in the middle which is it's
you don't spam them but you provide a
truly contextualized value ad during
their experience or you push them at
least into the very top of your funnel
these 500,000 people where they
otherwise might that would be that that
once you once once that that's a a maybe
our current agents can't do that but
it's a meta idea of you know no you know
no champion left behind no visitor left
behind no anything that that's the next
you got me thinking. Okay, next one
seems small, but I think it's just
interesting to note how are the big guys
doing? And you know, we've been
relatively close to Salesforce because
we're relatively early on Asian force on
deployment. We've done a lot of stuff
together with Salesforce. It's been fun.
And then I think maybe we even played a
small role when Salesforce bought one of
its partners qualified to accelerate its
agentic efforts.
We thought it was a great idea because
we used qualified and we thought you
know it it's it it it has scale. So what
the deal closed? What what did you see
actually happen at the product level
this week?
>> Yeah, I thought it was interesting the
um so if you go to salesforce.com just
the homepage or any page without logging
in. You'll you'll now see a qualified
agent versus it used to be a agent for
like support agent. Now they've swapped
it over to qualified which I think for a
lot of reasons was the right call.
Right. I think it's I think it's part of
why they bought it, right? Like in many
ways some of this some of the features
and functionality that Qualified had
just went a lot deeper than what Agent
Force kind of natively had. Like that
you could get there, but it would just
take a lot of a whole lot of like extra
steps. And so again, I think that's I
think they were so smart to buy it
because it has all this and because you
had to be a Salesforce customer to be
unqualified anyway. I think it was and
and a lot of the team came from
Salesforce, right? But I think it's
interesting because when that module was
on qualified.com, it was a real person
Blake that they modeled, you know, Piper
after who's their who was their mascot.
And now it's like a 3D avatar version,
which again I think is interesting.
We've talked about it a little bit of
like do you have, you know, the rights
to that person? If you use a person
who's not the CEO or founder, there's a
reason why, you know, Jason AI and a
million AI are us like we're not going
anywhere. Like we have all the rights to
it. like we can still use our agents and
our likeness. But I think it was
interesting that probably for a ca if I
had to guess that Salesforce changed it
from the actual human avatar that it was
to a modeled like cartoon version of the
same person probably for a lot of
different reasons there. And also just
for speed, I think for essence of speed
like they already had the other video
model, but I think to also signify that
it's now Salesforce and you know they
have a lot more customers and a lot more
security layers that they have to go to,
they changed it to a cartoon version of
the same person. Again, I think it was
smart to get qualified on the website
the the the day the deal was pretty much
done, they flipped the website. There's
so many deep features in qualified that
now the Salesforce team can action on.
The interesting takeaway just we're
trying you know Salesforce built agent
force and they've got thousands of
people working on it we use it and it
and it and it and the most important
thing for folks is it does work it it
does work
>> but because it's so extensible and so
broad I mean Salesforce has like nine
different clouds and so many uses it is
work to configure it it and it is they
bought qualified which is just a GTM
tool and classically was just to qualify
that's the name of the company inbound
right so it's a very narrow set of a
little now does some outbound and other
things, but it's just a GTM agentic
tool.
>> So for their especially for their CRM
customers, which is still almost 20% of
the revenue now, they bought a tool they
can roll out to the entire customer
base. Does it do as much as agent force
could do? No. But it's pretty cool that
the day the deal closed, it's in
production. It's on Salesforce's
website. And now there is an option to
buy a Salesforce native agentic product
that is much simpler to deploy. And if
your goal is GTM, right, you could have
it up and running probably in a couple
weeks rather than maybe a a longer
period it would take to map out and
figure out a full agent force uh
implementation.
>> Oh, for sure. Like I'll say like for my
for myself, I had a much steeper
learning curve with agent force than
qualified. Qualified the UI feels more
like that, right? So I think part of why
they did the deal too is okay if you
want to unlock this whole pool of people
where agent force historically has been
you know success is the number one use
case of agent force but now you want to
go more go to market I think that's why
they both qualified and momentum
together right because now you've got
revops for sales people and you've got
this whole GTM kind of suite that is
easier for folks to use better to use
out of the box I think for GTM folks
like I talked about last week I had to
build this like Salesforce custom OB
Jack for one of our agents pre- aent
force we weren't using our Salesforce
that much but also I'm not like
Salesforce trailblazer qualified like I
was like I'm I'm not that good like I
will confess to anyone listening like I
wasn't that good at Salesforce I've
gotten a lot better in the last nine
months because of how we use Agent Force
but a lot of the times I am I I like
look for like um I look for either
loopholes or other things I can
integrate into our Salesforce to make it
easier cuz there's just so much data in
there and there's so much you could do
with it. That's that's why now I use a
lot of Slackbot too cuz they can do some
of it a little bit easier. But again, I
think that's why it was smart of them to
get qualified up and running instantly.
I think it's smart of them to expand in
this kind of like go to market area
where it's it's easier for folks maybe
to understand, you know, qualified from
Salesforce that's just your go to market
agent like where it blends with agent
force. Who cares, right? I don't care. I
I told the teams to just just let people
pick what they want. I was like, if you
can do it in a way where people can pick
either the qualified UI or the agent
force traditional UI that it had like
just let them hit a toggle and say I
want to use the qual Yeah. Like let the
customer you know again go to your
customer let them pick what's easiest
for them of how they want to set up the
agent so that they actually get to
deploy to agent in production.
>> Yep. So anyhow I want to move on to our
sort of our last and final topic that
maybe we'll come back to every week but
I think the the meta thing is I think um
listen there's there qualified has
there's other folks like qualified
there's a number of vendors that can do
a great job with inbound and outbound
but we've used it right and so now there
is an option that's natively in sales
source it's on their homepage where you
can deploy this much simply that Asian
force if you're deep on sales source
like go for it get this thing up and
like it's it goes back like whether it's
the perfect vendor or not it's native
It's built in and in our theme of no
prospect, no customer left behind. This
is one thing you can do now. Get it
deployed and and this is, you know, just
like a lot of CMOs have patted
themselves on the back the last 12 to 18
months rolling out clay, right? And
kudos to them. If you're in RevOps or
sales ops or or sales and you want to
build it, roll out an Agentic product in
Salesforce, just just do qualifi like
this. What is it still called qualified?
Do they change it to
>> qualify from Salesforce?
>> Qualify from Salesport. This is I think
there are there are and then maybe the
competitors are better. I'm not I'm not
picking sides at the moment, but this is
a quick win.
>> This is this is something to think
about. Okay, the last thing I want to
talk about is our team members. And if
and maybe we'll do this each week at the
end. QB and 10K. What's up with them? As
a quick reminder, QB is kind of a play
on QBR. It's our AI VP of customer
success that Ameilia built. 10K is our
VP of marketing. Her initial job was to
get us to 10,000 attendees in the first
10 million of revenue this year. So we
called them 10K. Now they've all joined
Slack. They're up early on Slack. We now
have more daily check-ins on Slack with
agents than humans, which is the future
here today. If you go in our Slack, like
our Slack, just like our Salesforce
almost died before agents, our Slack
almost died before agents. Then we added
Slack integration for agents. Now
they're talking on Slack almost too
much. But they're better check-ins than
any human ever did, right? Any
check-ins. Okay, so a couple things on
QB and 10K.
first one because you brought it up. You
built and and maybe just describe the
challenges and the opportunities for our
for
you added Salesforce integration to 10K
for sure maybe maybe two, right? To both
>> and um it was interesting we did it in
Replet and Replet has a native
Salesforce integration, right? But that
alone didn't quite do what we needed to
do. So you had to build a custom object
in Salesforce which if folks have been
in the Salesforce ecosystem you'll
understand what custom objects do but
this was some learning a learning curve
and work for you to figure out how
actually to get the Salesforce
integration to work. Um I want to hear
about it but to give folks context for
me I don't log into Salesforce but when
I log into 10K I see all of our pipeline
and everything over history and time
presented away a normal human would want
to see it. So a Salesforce has now
abstracted away from me. I see all of
our Salesforce
>> pipeline opportunities, everything done
beautifully and visually and I can drill
into it right inside of our AIVP
marketing which for me is great. Okay.
But you had to build it. So it was
different than we'd thought, right, with
the current integrations. Yeah, it's
just listen the learning with any of the
I think any of the vibe coding platforms
with Salesforce in particular again now
why it happened but it was frustrating
for a few days because I just used the
native because again why wouldn't I like
if you're vibe coding
>> one is you click on a salesforce
connector you put in your credentials or
your then you go to you just log in once
right and it gets a token
>> problem is the token expired every 24
hours right
>> every 24 hours which I didn't know and
so and the agent didn't really know it
either it like took it a couple days of
it failing.
>> Probably because it's not a core feature
like the clay thing. It probably wasn't
well trained on how the integration
works because it's a it's a corner kit.
It's not a high volume integration.
>> I was like, "Okay, there's got to be a
way where the token doesn't expire every
24 hours." And it was just building a
custom object app because in a custom
object app, which I asked Claude how to
do,
>> super easy. Like Claude gave me really
good instructions. And then I loaded up
co-work so it could watch me do it,
right? I was like, "Just watch what I'm
doing. Tell me if I go wrong." Co-work
was watching you manually build the
Salesforce custom object.
>> Yeah,
>> it was watching your screen
>> in the browser. Yeah. Yeah, it was
watching.
>> That's pretty cool.
>> Did it catch errors while you were doing
it?
>> I didn't too. Well, it was pretty easy.
So, well, he gave me really good
instructions, so nothing bad happened.
It's
>> so Claude gave you the instructions to
build the custom. Then Claude Co watched
you while you did it.
>> I again, you're ahead of me.
>> She was like, you're doing great. I
wouldn't have thought to have co-work
watch my work while I'm doing it, but
that's pretty cool.
>> Yeah, you know what's funny? I haven't
had co-work watch or anything. I should
do that. I'll do that next time before
or next episode. So, yeah, I was So, I
deployed this custom app object and and
Claude and co-worker were walking me
through. Okay, here's how you can set it
so that you don't have to cuz I did get
I got stuck a couple times. I was like,
you know, Claude, what you told me to do
is not exactly where you told me. Like,
it's using just kind of like, you know,
older UI data. So, I'd be like, "Is this
the right button? Is this the right box
to check? Is this the right field I
want?" And it was like, "Yes, yes, yes.
That's that's fine. That's the one you
want." And I was like, "Shouldn't I do
this one?" It was like, "Yes, you're
right. Do that one. This is why I'm
watching you."
>> And so, I did it. And it and then I
found in in building the custom object a
way that we could have our token refresh
every year versus every day. And now our
Salesforce integration has not broken
since I did the custom object.
>> Cool. Well, it shows. So, so the the
good news is it worked. And it's epic.
It's cool, right? Right. It's epic.
Yeah, it's
>> But it was harder than we thought. Like
not every there's some integrations like
my two favorites vibe coding are 11 Labs
and Open Router. There's they're so easy
like you can integrate these products in
like 30 seconds instantly. Yeah.
>> And and and it's a credit to both
vendors to 11 Labs and but it's also a
credit to the fact how they work. Like
it it doesn't have to be as complicated
as Salesforce or Clerk just by nature.
But but but but realize that not all of
these are oneclick simple even if they
look like it, right? They they are
complicated and this was probably was it
a couple hours of work or how long did
it take you to really get the Salesforce
integration working in 10K
>> half an hour once we figured out the
>> dri like I would have thrown my mic at
the monitor because because I I I don't
want to build custom objects but but I
but yeah for you it's half an hour for
someone that has never really used that
side of Salesforce it could be a bigger
project though right to to yeah or you
might or you might not have access right
like I'm I'm our Salesforce admin and so
I have all the right protocols and
permissions to do that Now, if you're
building this, you're not the one of
your Salesforce admins or you have
certain like company restrictions for,
you know, because it needed API keys and
off O off credentials and it needed a
lot of stuff to get those custom app
options done. It may take you longer
just because you're going to hit
blockades, right? You may not have all
the right permissions or somebody else
may have to do it for you. And so, just
by nature, that may take you a bit
longer.
>> Yeah. Okay. last one that we had with QB
and um 10K
when you were vibe coding in the car and
we were taking a Whimo to an event this
week
>> and you were saying how we we have we
actually have a bunch of Chinese
sponsors this year which is great for
SAS AI annual
>> and they were complaining that QB our C
our AI customer success which is great
but it was a little hard to interact
with the app in English so we asked
Replet to localize it into Chinese and
so what you've never done this before,
right? So, we did it in the car. I
figured this was one that could be done
on the phone and it it was partially
true. What'd you learn from the
localization project to localize into
Chinese and Spanish? We had reply do
both of them, right?
>> Yeah, we had I had him do both cuz you
know, I'm going to pick all the like top
obviously English is native because I
built it in English and I was like,
"Okay, I'm going to I'm going to pick
because this is becoming a frustration
point because we have last minute
sponsors. We have multiples of them are,
you know, native Spanish speakers. Some
of them are native Chinese Mandarin, you
know, speakers. And I was like, okay, I
want to make this as seamless as
possible for them to get up to speed. I
can't do that, but Q.B. could, right?
So, we were vi coding the Whimo and I
said to Replet, "Hey, can you make a
toggle so that you can translate
everything I've put in to QB so far into
Spanish, Chinese, and then with the
toggle they can switch from English to
the, you know, non-native languages that
I don't know." And so it took it maybe
20 minutes because there's there's a lot
of content in Q.B. And so it had to, you
know, translate everything. It used I
think it used OpenAI for all the
translations. And then after we got out
of the car, you know, I I I took some
screenshots and checked it with Claude
to make sure nothing was inappropriate
or weird with its translations. But
>> Claude said the translations.
>> That was pretty good.
>> Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. So you QA it
with CL you took screenshots of what
Replet built with OpenAI and then you
took screenshots to QA it into cloud to
see if it thought that the translated
app was uh was was good enough.
>> Yeah. Actually what I'm running now too
in the background is I'm having
co-workers now run through all of it.
Just spot check make sure nothing is
weird but now co-work is doing the full
thing.
So that's that's also an interesting
learning. But yeah I think it took about
20 minutes in the car.
I'm about to roll it out to those
sponsors who need this. But my guess is
that it will ease some friction because
you know again I'm using our native
language. They're having to translate.
They're also you know all of these folks
last minute sponsors and so they're
trying to get caught up really fast. And
so this is something
again we wouldn't have been able to
accomplish with the tool we were using
previously. Like there's no like we
would have had to get a person to
translate it manually and then program
that all into
>> our worse because you have to build a
harness or a system so that each chunk
of text is dynamically uh translated to
different languages and can be updated
when it's changed. It's not even it's
not because if you really understand how
localization I mean I'm not an expert.
I've done it like you know you do need
you do need a framework of harness
because everything's constantly changing
and being updated and it's
>> adding things. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So it's not it's it's not a
oneanddone kind of kind of deal that
adds and so so the agent replet I mean
it seemed to have done it all in in the
whimmo for the most part now at first at
first it was as agents are at first it
was a little lazy and only translated
some menus right and so you had to p
keep saying like it's a skull problem it
was hoping it was enough to just
translate the core stuff and not the
deeper text you had to push it you had
to push it actually multiple times to go
deeper right
>> I did but you know what what I when I
think back about that now, I think it's
okay because I see so many people flag
the costs on Replet where like, you
know, maybe if you were costconscious,
you would only want to translate the
menus and some like the task list to
save 20.
>> Yeah. But still, right? So, I was like,
okay, to his point, maybe that's why it
didn't do the 14.
>> This is a complex project, right?
Relatively speaking. So, to, you know,
to to if 25% of the cost gets you there,
that for most people that might be a
good place to stop, right? Yeah.
>> Yeah. But the agent should have asked
me, "Okay, I did these menus. Are you
okay with me keeping, you know, to
keep?" It would have been nice.
>> And we can wrap it. I was talking with
another public company CEO this week
about agents. And he asked me, "What do
you have you guys used any of your
agents for localization?" And I'm like,
I get the problem. You know, I lived it
in in my day, but no, it hasn't really
come up. And then it came up in the car.
I'm like, "Oh, we got to do it. Like, we
got it. We got I I think this is a
pretty awesome use case for the agent,
but let's see if it breaks. Let's see if
it can literally do something that seems
simple but it's not to fully I mean
Shopify I think just last year rolled
out localization for a lot of its
product. Okay. Shop I mean it's pretty
Shopify is a what 13 billion in revenue
and they have global commerce and they
just did this and we did it in 20
minutes in the car know in a Whimo on
Replet. Man that's an AI story. Maybe we
should end with that one.
>> Do we get everything?
I think it's a good I think my only
thing that my only other thing that
happened this week with QB that I think
is interesting but I don't want to
derail us. Um I'll
>> add it and then we'll wrap.
>> Okay. Is I there was this interesting
moment right? So I talked a little bit
earlier we had this big production
deadline not only for ourselves but also
for some of our customers who are
sponsoring the SAS annual. They had a
print deadline this week. a few people
tried to in a very human way trick the
agent way where from from the agents I
just think it's always an interesting
reminder you can't hide from the agents
right and so a few people tried to
whether it was malicious or not it
doesn't matter right a few folks sent us
their graphics and it was I got a couple
>> placeholders they were placeholders
right
>> placeholders
>> placeholders or I got renders
big deadline. So, they uploaded whatever
the hell they had on their on their
desk, right?
>> They were like, "I'm good."
>> They met that they pretended they met
the deadline, right?
>> And they were like, "Okay, great. Like,
I sent this to you. We're all good."
Right? I was like, "Well, actually,
between me and QB in a way that I
couldn't previously because I didn't
have enough scalar output, but now that
I have the agent helping me, we did it
in a way where not only did we get we
and they got an automatic email. We got
an automatic email and it would send to
all contacts because sometimes I would
get like a random designer sending us
you know the the the booth graphics and
it would say here's what you uploaded
and I would between me and Claude we
would check it pretty much instantly and
we would catch these things right we'd
be like okay with in the age of AI you
really can't hide like we can c we can
see you didn't you uploaded a
placeholder or you uploaded or a lot of
times
they would upload something that was
incomplete things you might have been
able to hide back in the day, but that
you can't hide now in the age of AI
because it just checks everything. I was
like, it's check between me and it, it's
together. We're checking everything.
Like maybe I wouldn't have got this some
of this a year ago, but we're checking
everything now because I've got my
agents running and so I can see if
you're if your graphics are incomplete
or fake or real or not. And so it was
just an interesting thing that
>> could check people didn't fake the
deadline, didn't fake the asset and it
can follow up in a kinder fashion than a
human might be. So that cuz they would
they would pretend they did it, right?
And QB would they be like would
objectively say, "No, I appreciate it,
but that's not actually what what what
the graphic or assets that you're
supposed to have, right?" In a way that
a human that that
>> we we do get yelled at a lot by by
folks, right, for I don't want to go too
deep. we can wrap it up. But but but a
lot of folks when they miss deadlines or
when they don't have the assets or
things they need, they they sort of try
to blame us. And we're zen about it now,
but it's a human reaction, right? Oh,
that's not the deadline that David told
me. Well, it's in the contract. It's in
the here's the 28 emails.
>> David said I could I could just sketch
it on my iPad and that you or David said
this and people would just make this
crap up.
Doesn't work with QB's calm. Like QB
doesn't get get get get get get get get
get get get get get get get get get get
get get get get get tri triggered,
right? And Cub just says, "Thank you. I
sent you 28 emails saying this is what
we needed." He did. It's late. Uh
understood. Could you please do it by
tomorrow?
>> Yeah. And that's and that's the thing
like in a way where I was like I I don't
know if I would feel comfortable pushing
back to some of our customers like they
are paying us money but in a way that's
super neutral just not caring. QB and I
would check the graphics. Yeah. Better
than a human. And if it was and if there
was an issue, it would just tell that
person. It would just tell everybody in
the org, hey,
>> cuz maybe, you know, maybe the CMO
didn't know that their designer just
uploaded a placeholder. That happens
sometimes, like
>> you know, it's fine. It happens. And so,
in a way that was super neutral, it
would say, "Hey, there's an issue with
your graphics. Here's the issue. I'm
going to email everybody that I have
from in the org as a customer, you know,
in this customer org. I'm going to let
them all know and I'm going to also say
in that reminder either some of them
were like already past due. So it would
say you're past due, you need to upload
this now to avoid a late fee or not or
not. And for some of them when it was
approaching the deadline, it would just
tell them hey we need your fully revised
graphics. This doesn't count as a
submission again in a very neutral AI
way. Thanks for trying. This wasn't it.
This doesn't count. You might have been
able to trick a human previously, but
you can't hide from Qi.
>> Yeah. Yeah, maybe we'll wrap on that.
When I was talking with uh with another
public company CEO about AI, uh a great
one. He said, "Well, you're you're QB,
your AVP, that that sounds like support
on steroids." I'm like, "No, no, no. Let
me explain it. It proactively follows up
on every possible deliverable there is
and make sure it happens." And so my my
comment to him, maybe we can wrap. I'll
close and we'll wrap for this week. If
you if you require any deployment for
your product, for your company, for your
application, if you have any checklist
that you have to do, any training, any
on do you have any onboarding for your
company, if you have nothing,
don't you don't need need to listen to
the rest of this. If you have any, your
humans are probably not giving you the
100% coverage on this. They're probably
being argued with. There's probably
issues. It's probably somewhat your
fault or someone's fault that's not
getting done. I don't think there's a
lot of great off-the-shelf tools for
this. Build your own QB AI, VP customer
success. Ameilia gave you the whole
playbook. It's on saster.com. You can
see our whole prompt and how we built
it. Build your own one because if you do
nothing else but completely automate the
onboarding, right, of your customers
with no drama, no complaints, no issues
like we did, your life is going to be
better, right? And so that's why we'll
keep talking about QB and 10K and we'll
wrap. Hopefully folks find this useful.
If we find that on YouTube, you all
churned after 60 seconds. We may do this
less often. If we find out people listen
longer than average, we'll keep doing
it. But we know this is the number one
thing we're asked constantly. What's
going on with your agent? So, this is
the agents. Ameilia, thank you for doing
this one and we'll see you guys soon and
continue the conversations.